#1) Which of the following is true about Formal Review or Inspection

i. Led by Trained Moderator (not the author)
ii. No Pre Meeting Preparations
iii. Formal Follow up the process
iv. Main Objective is to find defects

a) ii is true and i,iii,iv are false
b) i,iii,iv are true and ii is false
c) i,iii,iv are false and ii is true
d) iii is true and i,ii,iv are false

#2) The Phases of the formal review process is mentioned below arrange them in the correct order.

i. Planning
ii. Review Meeting
iii. Rework
iv. Individual Preparations
v. Kick Off
vi. Follow Up

a) i,ii,iii,iv,v,vi
b) vi,i,ii,iii,iv,v
c) i,v,iv,ii,iii,vi
d) i,ii,iii,v,iv,vi

#3) The Test Cases Derived from use cases

a) Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during real-world use of the system
b) Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during the testing use of the system
c) Are most useful in covering the defects in the process flows during real-world use of the system
d) Are most useful in covering the defects at the Integration Level

#4) Exhaustive Testing is

a) Is impractical but possible
b) Is practically possible
c) Is impractical and impossible
d) Is always possible

#5) A Project risk includes which of the following

a) Organizational Factors
b) Poor Software characteristics
c) Error-Prone software delivered.
d) Software that does not perform its intended functions


#6) Which of the following is the task of a Tester?

i. Interaction with the Test Tool Vendor to identify the best ways to leverage the test tools on the project.
ii. Prepare and acquire Test Data
iii. Implement Tests on all test levels, execute and log the tests.
iv. Create the Test Specifications

a) i, ii, iii is true and iv is false
b) ii, iii, iv is true and i is false
c) i is true and ii, iii, iv are false
d) iii and iv is correct and i and ii are incorrect

#7) The Planning phase of a formal review includes the following

a) Explaining the objectives
b) Selecting the personnel, allocating roles.
c) Follow up
d) Individual Meeting preparations

#8) Who are the persons involved in a Formal Review

i. Manager
ii. Moderator
iii. Scribe / Recorder
iv. Assistant Manager

a) i,ii,iii,iv are true
b) i,ii,iii are true and iv is false.
c) ii,iii,iv are true and i is false.
d) i, iv are true and ii, iii are false

#9) Which of the following are Key Characteristics of Walk Through

a) Scenario, Dry Run, Peer Group
b) Pre Meeting Preparations
c) Formal Follow Up Process
d) Includes Metrics

#10) What can static analysis NOT find?
a) the use of a variable before it has been defined
b) unreachable (“dead”) code
c) memory leaks
d) array bound violations

#11) Static analysis is best described as:

a) The analysis of batch programs
b) The reviewing of test plans
c) The analysis of program code
d) The use of Black-box testing


